Add `prefer-math-min-max` (#2432)
sindresorhus/eslint-plugin-unicorn: docs/rules/prefer-math-min-max.md

> # Prefer `Math.min()` and `Math.max()` over ternary expressions for simple comparisons

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Prefer `Math.min()` and `Math.max()` over ternaries for simple comparisons
```

💼 This rule is enabled in the ✅ `recommended` [config](https://github.com/sindresorhus/eslint-plugin-unicorn#preset-configs-eslintconfigjs).

🔧 This rule is automatically fixable by the [`--fix` CLI option](https://eslint.org/docs/latest/user-guide/command-line-interface#--fix).

<!-- end auto-generated rule header -->
<!-- Do not manually modify this header. Run: `npm run fix:eslint-docs` -->

> Enforce the use of `Math.min()` and `Math.max()` instead of ternary expressions for simple comparisons. This makes the code more readable.

Reviewer: This is repeating the title.
